#Details of how I'm implementing changes from flot 0.6 into gflot

Flot 0.6
--------

API changes:

1. Selection support has been moved to a plugin. Thus if you're
passing selection: { mode: something }, you MUST include the file
jquery.flot.selection.js after jquery.flot.js. This reduces the size
of base Flot and makes it easier to customize the selection as well as
improving code clarity. The change is based on patch from andershol.

  Importing jquery.flot.selection.js from GFlot.gwt.xml.
  TODO: Should we create a separate GWT module for the selection plugin?

2. In the global options specified in the $.plot command,
"lines", "points", "bars" and "shadowSize" have been moved to a
sub-object called "series", i.e.

  $.plot(placeholder, data, { lines: { show: true }})

should be changed to

  $.plot(placeholder, data, { series: { lines: { show: true }}})

All future series-specific options will go into this sub-object to
simplify plugin writing. Backward-compatibility code is in place, so
old code should not break.

3. "plothover" no longer provides the original data point, but instead
a normalized one, since there may be no corresponding original point.

4. Due to a bug in previous versions of jQuery, you now need at least
jQuery 1.2.6. But if you can, try jQuery 1.3.2 as it got some
improvements in event handling speed.


Changes:

- Added support for disabling interactivity for specific data series
  (request from Ronald Schouten and Steve Upton).

- Flot now calls $() on the placeholder and optional legend container
  passed in so you can specify DOM elements or CSS expressions to make
  it easier to use Flot with libraries like Prototype or Mootools or
  through raw JSON from Ajax responses.

- A new "plotselecting" event is now emitted while the user is making
  a selection.

- The "plothover" event is now emitted immediately instead of at most
  10 times per second, you'll have to put in a setTimeout yourself if
  you're doing something really expensive on this event.

- The built-in date formatter can now be accessed as
  $.plot.formatDate(...) (suggestion by Matt Manela) and even
  replaced.

- Added "borderColor" option to the grid (patch from Amaury Chamayou
  and patch from Mike R. Williamson).

- Added support for gradient backgrounds for the grid, take a look at
  the "setting options" example (based on patch from Amaury Chamayou,
  issue 90).

- Gradient bars (suggestion by stefpet).
  
- Added a "plotunselected" event which is triggered when the selection
  is removed, see "selection" example (suggestion by Meda Ugo);

- The option legend.margin can now specify horizontal and vertical
  margins independently (suggestion by someone who's annoyed).

- Data passed into Flot is now copied to a new canonical format to
  enable further processing before it hits the drawing routines. As a
  side-effect, this should make Flot more robust in the face of bad
  data (and fixes issue 112).

- Step-wise charting: line charts have a new option "steps" that when
  set to true connects the points with horizontal/vertical steps
  instead of diagonal lines.

- The legend labelFormatter now passes the series in addition to just
  the label (suggestion by Vincent Lemeltier).

- Horizontal bars (based on patch by Jason LeBrun).

- Support for partial bars by specifying a third coordinate, i.e. they
  don't have to start from the axis. This can be used to make stacked
  bars.

- New option to disable the (grid.show).

- Added pointOffset method for converting a point in data space to an
  offset within the placeholder.
  
- Plugin system: register an init method in the $.flot.plugins array
  to get started, see PLUGINS.txt for details on how to write plugins
  (it's easy). There are also some extra methods to enable access to
  internal state.

- Hooks: you can register functions that are called while Flot is
  crunching the data and doing the plot. This can be used to modify
  Flot without changing the source, useful for writing plugins. Some
  hooks are defined, more are likely to come.
  
- Threshold plugin: you can set a threshold and a color, and the data
  points below that threshold will then get the color. Useful for
  marking data below 0, for instance.

- Stack plugin: you can specify a stack key for each series to have
  them summed. This is useful for drawing additive/cumulative graphs
  with bars and (currently unfilled) lines.

- Crosshairs plugin: trace the mouse position on the axes, enable with
  crosshair: { mode: "x"} (see the new tracking example for a use).

- Image plugin: plot prerendered images.

- Navigation plugin for panning and zooming a plot.

- More configurable grid.

- Axis transformation support, useful for non-linear plots, e.g. log
  axes and compressed time axes (like omitting weekends).

- Support for twelve-hour date formatting (patch by Forrest Aldridge).

- The color parsing code in Flot has been cleaned up and split out so
  it's now available as a separate jQuery plugin. It's included inline
  in the Flot source to make dependency managing easier. This also
  makes it really easy to use the color helpers in Flot plugins.

Bug fixes:

- Fixed two corner-case bugs when drawing filled curves (report and
  analysis by Joshua Varner).
- Fix auto-adjustment code when setting min to 0 for an axis where the
  dataset is completely flat on that axis (report by chovy).
- Fixed a bug with passing in data from getData to setData when the
  secondary axes are used (issue 65, reported by nperelman).
- Fixed so that it is possible to turn lines off when no other chart
  type is shown (based on problem reported by Glenn Vanderburg), and
  fixed so that setting lineWidth to 0 also hides the shadow (based on
  problem reported by Sergio Nunes).
- Updated mousemove position expression to the latest from jQuery (bug
  reported by meyuchas).
- Use CSS borders instead of background in legend (fix printing issue 25
  and 45).
- Explicitly convert axis min/max to numbers.
- Fixed a bug with drawing marking lines with different colors
  (reported by Khurram).
- Fixed a bug with returning y2 values in the selection event (fix
  by exists, issue 75).
- Only set position relative on placeholder if it hasn't already a
  position different from static (reported by kyberneticist, issue 95).
- Don't round markings to prevent sub-pixel problems (reported by Dan
  Lipsitt).
- Make the grid border act similarly to a regular CSS border, i.e.
  prevent it from overlapping the plot itself. This also fixes a
  problem with anti-aliasing when the width is 1 pixel (reported by
  Anthony Ettinger).
- Imported version 3 of excanvas and fixed two issues with the newer
  version. Hopefully, this will make Flot work with IE8 (nudge by
  Fabien Menager, further analysis by Booink, issue 133).
- Changed the shadow code for lines to hopefully look a bit better
  with vertical lines.
- Round tick positions to avoid possible problems with fractions
  (suggestion by Fred, issue 130).
- Made the heuristic for determining how many ticks to aim for a bit
  smarter.
- Fix for uneven axis margins (report and patch by Paul Kienzle) and
  snapping to ticks (concurrent report and patch by lifthrasiir).
- Fixed bug with slicing in findNearbyItems (patch by zollman).
- Make heuristic for x axis label widths more dynamic (patch by
  rickinhethuis).
- Make sure points on top take precedence when finding nearby points
  when hovering (reported by didroe, issue 224).
